README.md, before:

# FileSysCompletion #

Enable auto-completion of paths from the file system à la [VIM](http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/insert.html#i_CTRL-X_CTRL-F).

The auto-completion works in two modes: default auto-completion and explicit file path auto-completion.

## Default auto-completion ##

If the path is _explicit_ this means it starts with `./`, `~/`, `/` or on win32 `C:\` (`C:/`) the auto completion will be triggered automatically using the regular auto-complete command.

## Explicit file path auto-completion ##

For relative paths, the file path auto-completion can can be triggered by hitting `Ctrl-x, Ctrl-f`. This is because we do not want to collide with the other auto-completion.

## Spaces ##

This plugin should handle file paths that contains spaces including escaped spaces with `\`.

For example if there are three files:

* `quick test`
* `quick test 1`
* `quick test 2`

Then `quick test` followed by `Ctrl-x, Ctrl-f` will display all three options and when selecting the second one for instance it will get expanded to `quick test 1`. On the other hand `quick\ test` followed by `Ctrl-x, Ctrl-f` with the same selection will be expanded to `quick\ test\ 1`. If the path is detected to be escaped it will continue to escape all the followed spaces.

## License ##

Copyright [Luke Hudson](https://github.com/lingo), [Filip Krikava](https://github.com/fikovnik), all parts of this 
plugin are licensed under GPL v3 (see LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Reworked the way path beginnings are found. Fixed problem with path escaping.

README.md, after:

# FileSystem AutoCompletion #

Enable auto-completion of paths from the file system à la [VIM](http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/insert.html#i_CTRL-X_CTRL-F).

Depending on the path, the file completion can be trigged automatically using the default `Ctrl-Space` auto-completion or it can be explicitly triggered by `Ctrl-x, Ctrl-f` shortcut. This can be always rebound to a different key combination. This plugin handles spaces in file names and find the correct file path beginning. If you find any problem, please open an issue.

## Installation ##
Either by using the package manager or manually by cloning/downloading the latest snapshot of the `master` branch into the Sublime's package folder (e.g. `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages/` on OSX).

## Default auto-completion ##

If the path has a root, this means it starts with `./`, `~/`, `/` (or `C:\` (`C:/` on win32) the auto completion will be triggered automatically using the regular auto-complete command.

## Triggered file auto-completion ##

For relative paths, the file path auto-completion can be triggered by hitting `Ctrl-x, Ctrl-f`. This is because we do not want to collide with the other auto-completion.

## Spaces ##

This plugin should handle file paths that contains spaces including escaped spaces with `\`.

For example if there are three files:

    quick test
    quick test 1
    quick test 2

Then `quick test` followed by `Ctrl-x, Ctrl-f` will display all three options and when selecting the second one for instance it will get expanded to `quick test 1`. On the other hand `quick\ test` followed by `Ctrl-x, Ctrl-f` with the same selection will be expanded to `quick\ test\ 1`. If the path is detected to be escaped it will continue to escape all the followed spaces.

## File path beginning ##

The problem is that a file name can be contain many special characters. For example `\input{some file}` is a valid file. However, it is also a way how to include a file in LaTeX document and more likely we want to have a completion of the path `some file` rather than path `\input{some file}`. This plugin, therefore, tries to determine the beginning of a path from which it should look for the completion by finding the longest possible path that exists. For the example above, with the cursor positioned at the end of `some file`, it will try:

    /Users/user/\input{some file
    Users/user/\input{some file
    krikava/\input{some file
    \input{some file
    input{some file
    some file
    file

and it will stop as soon as any of these path exists (a glob pattern with appended `*` returns something).

## License ##

All parts of this plugin are licensed under GPL v3 (see LICENSE.txt).
